Data Science Young Graduate - Jeune diplômé(e) - SE Graduate Program Tunisia
Schneider Electric · Tunis, Tunis, Tunisia (On-site)  1 month ago  · 589 applicants
Full-time · Entry level
10,001+ employees · Appliances, Electrical, and Electronics Manufacturing
7 school alumni work here
See how you compare to 589 applicants. Try Premium for free
Skills: Python (Programming Language), Java, +8 more
View verifications related to this job post.View verifications related to this job post.
Show all

Apply

Save
Save Data Science Young Graduate - Jeune diplômé(e) - SE Graduate Program Tunisia at Schneider Electric
Share
Show more options
Data Science Young Graduate - Jeune diplômé(e) - SE Graduate Program Tunisia
Schneider Electric Tunis, Tunis, Tunisia On-site

Apply

Save
Save Data Science Young Graduate - Jeune diplômé(e) - SE Graduate Program Tunisia at Schneider Electric
Show more options
About the job
Schneider Electric Graduate Program


Schneider Electric Graduate Program is an initiative to enable and upskill young talents to join the company from their early career. It’s a rotational program designed to give recent graduates the Techni-commercial experience and soft skills required to begin a career in the energy sector.


Company Description


Schneider Electric, the leader in the digital transformation of energy management and automation, today doubled down on its long-standing strategy to embed environmental, social and governance considerations into every facet of its activities – and to assist its customers and business partners in achieving their own sustainability objectives.


Start building your career today!


Schneider Electric’s structured Graduate Program offers you a fantastic insight into their diverse Franchophone Africa & Islands business as you'll spend time in each of the key business areas undertaking work-based placements to give you hands-on experience.


We will provide you with personal skills training, technical & commercial insight, to accelerate your development and ensure you are ready to move into a substantive role within one of the business areas at the end of the program. By investing in you now, there will be greater returns for both sides in the future.


Most importantly, you'll demonstrate a desire to learn, have excellent communication, organization and team working skills.


Why us?


Schneider Electric is leading the digital transformation of energy management and automation. Our technologies enable the world to use energy in a safe, efficient, and sustainable manner. We strive to promote a global economy that is both ecologically viable and highly productive.


Qualifications


What We require from a candidate


Candidates must be educated to engineer (bac +5) level in a field related to Data science, Data Analyst


Schedule: Full-time